Release notes. (#9550)
organicmaps/organicmaps: android/app/src/fdroid/play/listings/en-US/release-notes.txt

> - New data from 241017.
> - Normal (50m) isolines profile for Iceland, India, Marocco.
> - Fixed crash when opening the Bookmarks list with new icons.
> - Fixed bug with Search on Map.
> - Added non-drinking water classifier type and icon on the Map.
> - Added new bookmark and search icons (tourism, information).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New OpenStreetMap data as of October 17.
- More detailed (50m step) altitude isolines for Iceland, India & Marocco.
- Use a different icon for non-drinking water sources.
- Added water towers.
- Added new bookmark and search icons (tourism, information).
- Fixed a crash when opening a list of bookmarks with certain icons.
- Fixed Search on Map results prioritization bug.
```

- New OpenStreetMap data as of October 17.

> - More detailed (50m step) altitude isolines for Iceland, India & Marocco.

Reviewer 2: Wikipedia tells that official country name is `Morocco` (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Morocco) not `Marocco`
